"Love those who love Christ" is good as far as it goes, but insufficient. We're to imitate God, who so loved the world while it was in its sin that he sacrificed his only son to save them.
How should I practice that kind of love?

One thing that has long separated me from my fellow Christians is that I have a lot of non-Christian friends. I often struggle with the way the American church relates to outsiders. American churches often take a siege mentality where they, the Righteous, are the preservers of God's truth against the wicked outsiders who seek to destroy all that is holy. Any time someone in the pulpit uses the phrase "the culture", they're talking about the insidious corrupting influence of the evildoers attempting to waylay God's faithful from the one true path, of which they are the rightful stewards. This phrase masterfully avoids specifying any specific person, doctrine, or ideology, thus avoiding an awkward and undesirable debate, and instead communicates that _all_ culture one might encounter outside the walls of the church is suspect. Not just suspect, actually - "the culture" is _the enemy_, the corrupting force that leads the unwary astray and degrades the moral fabric of society. Countless churches have some variant of "impacting the culture" in their mission statement, setting themselves in opposition to the non-Christian world in general.

From a perspective of cultural darwinism, this approach has a lot to recommend it. Nothing feels more satisfying than being part of an embattled minority defending all that is good and righteous against the forces of evil, against whom there can be no quarter and no compromise. Ideologically it's pure heroin, which is why it's adopted by both sides of our political landscape, along with all of their subcultures, countless video games, and most zombie and superhero movies.  

Christianity is one of the few ideologies for whom this is not a good fit, as exemplified by its founder, who forbade his disciples from putting up any resistance whatsoever as the world's only truly good person (himself) was given a sham trial and then executed. The Christian way is not to conquer but to serve. Every time the Church tries to hold power it either abuses it or gets co-opted by the power-hungry and the name of God is shamed. We saw this with the Church's many political entanglements during the history of medieval Europe, we saw it with the bloody conflict between Catholics and Protestants in Ireland, and we're seeing it again with the syncretistic marriage between the American church and the Republican party in the United States. Jesus' followers have been wanting their own country since Jesus was alive, and he keeps telling us "No, not until I can rule it myself. Wait for the appointed time and learn to love your neighbors."

And loving your neighbors is hard. 